Streaming from unbound source (#170)
reef-technologies/B2_Command_Line_Tool: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> * Add ability to upload from an unbound source such as standard input or a named pipe (fixes #152)

Reviewer: we may need to add that rule to the top of the file (the linked https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/ does show `#123` use)

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> * Add ability to stream data from an unbound source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add ability to upload from standard input and named pipe
```

Author: I tried to be coherent with what's written everywhere in the SDK, but if I don't have to, I will gladly change that to what you suggest :)

Reviewer: makes sense. SDK changelog message was "Ability to stream data from an unbound source to B2 (for example stdin)"
which was nice since it mentions stdin - term "unbound source" alone is a little to probably little too ambiguous.
So base of previous suggestion while keeping coherence I would suggest: 
```suggestion
* Add ability to upload from an unbound source (such as standard input or named pipe)
```

Author: That's a great idea, I changed it to
> Add ability to upload from an unbound source (such as standard input or a named pipe)
